feat: pull request template (#525)
cesium/atomic: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Description
_Provide a detailed description of the purpose of the changes included in this pull request. Optionally, include background information, relevant screenshots, and any other context that helps explain the work._

## Related Issues
_If applicable, specify the main parts of the application that will be impacted by this pull request._

## Steps to reproduce or test

> ##### Development
> _Describe the steps that you did to reproduce this._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Describe the steps a reviewer needs to take to reproduce or test these changes._
```
